feat: add Netlify starter (#471)
BuilderIO/qwik: starters/servers/netlify/README.md

## Netlify

> This site is configured to deploy to [Netlify Edge Functions](https://www.netlify.com/products/edge/), which means it will be rendered at an edge location near to your users.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion to use the "starter" term to match Qwik's terminology.
```suggestion
This starter site is configured to deploy to [Netlify Edge Functions](https://www.netlify.com/products/edge/), which means it will be rendered at an edge location near to your users.
```

Reviewer: Also, we use "this site" and "your site" interchangeably in the README. I've added comments to update to "this starter site" and "your site" as appropriate. I think we want to make a clear distinction between the starter site project and the site users create.

> The [Netlify CLI](https://docs.netlify.com/cli/get-started/) can be used to preview a production build locally. First build your site, then to start a local server, run:
> 
> ```shell
> npm run serve
> ```
> 
> Then visit [http://localhost:8888/](http://localhost:8888/) to see the site.

Reviewer: We may want to make the individual steps more distinct. I know building first is a commonly missed step. I also think it would be beneficial to explain that we're running `netlify dev` behind the scenes and why.
```suggestion
The [Netlify CLI](https://docs.netlify.com/cli/get-started/) can be used to preview a production build locally. To do so: First build your site, then to start a local server, run:
1. Build your site with `netlify build`.
2. Start a local server with `npm run serve`.
  In this project, `npm run serve` uses the `netlify dev` command to spin up a server that can handle Netlify's Edge Functions locally.
3. Visit [http://localhost:8888/](http://localhost:8888/) to check out your site.
```

### Deployments

> You can [deploy your site to Netlify](https://docs.netlify.com/site-deploys/create-deploys/) either via a Git provider integration or through the Netlify CLI. This site already includes a `netlify.toml` file to configure your build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can [deploy your site to Netlify](https://docs.netlify.com/site-deploys/create-deploys/) either via a Git provider integration or through the Netlify CLI. This starter site includes a `netlify.toml` file to configure your build for deployment.
```

#### Deploying via Git

> Once your site has been pushed to your Git provider, you can either link it [in the Netlify UI](https://app.netlify.com/start) or use the CLI. To link the site to a Git provider from the Netlify CLI, run the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your site has been pushed to your Git provider, you can either link it [in the Netlify UI](https://app.netlify.com/start) or use the CLI. To link your site to a Git provider from the Netlify CLI, run the command:
```

```shell
netlify link
```

> It will then deploy the site whenever you push new commits to Git.

Reviewer: Added some clarification about what, exactly, `netlify link` does.

```suggestion
This sets up [continuous deployment](https://docs.netlify.com/site-deploys/create-deploys/#deploy-with-git) for your site's repo. Whenever you push new commits to your repo, Netlify starts the build process..
```

#### Deploying manually via the CLI

If you wish to deploy from the CLI rather than using Git, you can use the command:

```shell
netlify deploy --build
```

> You must ensure you use the `--build` flag whenever you deploy.

Reviewer: Added a little more context for why folks need the `--build` flag.
```suggestion
You must use the `--build` flag whenever you deploy. This ensures that the Edge Functions that this starter site relies on are generated and available when you deploy your site.
```
